docs:fixing broken links in readme (#11108)
kubeflow/pipelines: README.md

## Installation

> * Install Kubeflow Pipelines from choices described in [V1-Installation Options for Kubeflow Pipelines](https://www.kubeflow.org/docs/components/pipelines/legacy-v1/installation/overview/) and [V2-Operator Guides Installation](https://www.kubeflow.org/docs/components/pipelines/operator-guides/installation/).

Reviewer: I wonder if we shouldn't use https://www.kubeflow.org/docs/components/pipelines/operator-guides/installation/ instead. I understand though it lacks a lot of information and the info in the v1 docs helps a lot.
I'd like to know the opinion of others.

cc @HumairAK @rimolive @gregsheremeta

Reviewer 2: I think this section should call out that you can install Kubeflow as a whole, or you can install Kubeflow (v2) as a standalone. So yeah, I think @hbelmiro 's suggested [link](https://www.kubeflow.org/docs/components/pipelines/operator-guides/installation/) makes the most sense (although I'd copy a bit of the blurb from that page too).

I'm generally not a fan of still linking to old v1 stuff from v2 docs. v1 should be relegated to its hidden corner of the docs.

Author: Thanks @hbelmiro @gregsheremeta!
I have updated this is a new commit which I can squash when the PR is ready.

* The Docker container runtime has been deprecated on Kubernetes 1.20+. Kubeflow Pipelines has switched to use [Emissary Executor](https://www.kubeflow.org/docs/components/pipelines/legacy-v1/installation/choose-executor/#emissary-executor) by default from Kubeflow Pipelines 1.8. Emissary executor is Container runtime agnostic, meaning you are able to run Kubeflow Pipelines on Kubernetes cluster with any [Container runtimes](https://kubernetes.io/docs/setup/production-environment/container-runtimes/). 

## Documentation

Get started with your first pipeline and read further information in the [Kubeflow Pipelines overview](https://www.kubeflow.org/docs/components/pipelines/overview/).

> See the various ways you can [use the Kubeflow Pipelines SDK](https://www.kubeflow.org/docs/components/pipelines/legacy-v1/sdk/sdk-overview/).

Reviewer: We have a specific documentation for the SDK now.
```suggestion
See the various ways you can [use the Kubeflow Pipelines SDK](https://kubeflow-pipelines.readthedocs.io/en/stable/).
```

Author: Updated, thank you.

## Installation

> * Kubeflow Pipelines can be installed as part of the [Kubeflow Platform](https://www.kubeflow.org/docs/started/installing-kubeflow/#kubeflow-platform). Alternatively you can deploy [Kubeflow Pipelines (V2)](https://www.kubeflow.org/docs/components/pipelines/operator-guides/installation/) as a standalone service.

Reviewer 3: nit: I'd suggest remove 'V2' here, the standalone deployment instruction applies to all versions.

Author: Updated and commits squashed. Thanks @chensun
